com/google/codelab/mlkit/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.GraphicOverlay
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/google/codelab/mlkit/App.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.App
com/google/codelab/mlkit/TextGraphic.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.TextGraphic
com/google/codelab/mlkit/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.BuildConfig
com/google/codelab/mlkit/LabelGraphic.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.LabelGraphic
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/ActivityVideoBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.ActivityVideoBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/ActivityTrnBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.ActivityTrnBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/ActivityTitleBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.ActivityTitleBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/mMainActivity.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.mMainActivity
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.mMainActivity$1
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.mMainActivity$2
com/google/codelab/mlkit/TitleActivity.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.TitleActivity
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.TitleActivity$1
com/google/codelab/mlkit/FavoriteActivity.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.FavoriteActivity
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.FavoriteActivity$1
com/google/codelab/mlkit/MyServie.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MyServie
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MyServie$1
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MyServie$2
com/google/codelab/mlkit/MainActivity.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MainActivity
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MainActivity$1
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MainActivity$2
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MainActivity$3
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MainActivity$4
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MainActivity$5
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.MainActivity$6
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/MaintoolbarBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.MaintoolbarBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/FavotitetoolbarBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.FavotitetoolbarBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/ActivityFavoriteBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.ActivityFavoriteBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/databinding/ActivityMmainBinding.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.databinding.ActivityMmainBinding
com/google/codelab/mlkit/SettingActivity.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.SettingActivity
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.SettingActivity$1
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.SettingActivity$2
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.SettingActivity$3
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.SettingActivity$4
com/google/codelab/mlkit/Video.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Video
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Video$1
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Video$1$1
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Video$2
com/google/codelab/mlkit/Translation.java
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Translation
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Translation$1
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Translation$Morpheme
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Translation$Morphemecomparator
 com.google.codelab.mlkit.Translation$NameEntity
